## Consent Form
You are invited to participate in a research study conducted by Professors Daniel Benjamin (University of Southern California), Kristen Cooper (Gordon College), Ori Heffetz (Cornell University), and Miles Kimball (University of Michigan), because you are a participant on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk. This study is funded by the National Institutes of Health. Your participation is voluntary. You should read the information below, and ask questions about anything you do not understand, before deciding whether or not to participate. Please take as much time as you need to read the consent form. If you decide to participate, you will be asked to check a box to give your consent to participate. You can print this screen for your records or request a pdf copy of this consent form from the researchers.
#### Purpose of the Study:
We are a group of scientists gathering data to develop an index of subjective well-being. If you have any questions about the research or your participation in this study, feel free to contact [Daniel Benjamin](mailto:djbenjam@usc.edu) or [Robbie Strom](mailto:robbie.strom@gmail.com).
#### Procedures:
If you volunteer to participate in this study, you will be asked to answer a series of questions, first about the level of various aspects of your well-being and then about the relative importance of each of these aspects in your life.
We also may send you additional surveys in the future, which you will have the option of completing for additional payment.
#### Potential Risks and Discomforts:
No risks are anticipated. However, if you feel discomfort answering any question, you may end your participation at any time.
#### Potential Benefits to Participants and/or to Society:
There are no anticipated benefits to you as a result of your participation in this study. We hope that this study will help researchers learn more about how to measure people’s well-being. We also hope that after further developing this survey, we will be able to measure the well-being of larger populations, even entire countries.
#### Payment/Compensation for Participation:
You will receive $1.50 for your participation, and will receive additional payment for later surveys if you agree to continue participating. Please note that participating in future surveys is completely optional, and that you will still be paid for participation in this survey regardless of whether you choose to receive invitations to later surveys.
#### Confidentiality:
We will keep your records for this study confidential as far as permitted by law. However, if we are required to do so by law, we will disclose confidential information about you. The members of the research team, the National Institutes of Health and the University of Southern California’s Human Subjects Protection Program (HSPP) may access the data. The HSPP reviews and monitors research studies to protect the rights and welfare of research subjects.  
All research data will be collected anonymously and we will not store any personally-identifiable information. Your responses will be collected over an encrypted TSL connection, the same level of security that protects your username and password when you sign on to Gmail or Amazon.com.  
Since this study is conducted on Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk), it adheres to Amazon’s MTurk Privacy Policy. To understand the privacy and confidentiality limitations associated with using MTurk, we strongly advise you to familiarize yourself with Amazon’s privacy code (https://www.mturk.com/mturk/privacynotice). In light of privacy concerns, we tried to create a study design that reduces any potential privacy risks to participants. With that in mind, you should know that any work performed on MTurk can be linked to the user’s public profile page. Thus, workers may want to restrict what information they choose to share in their public profile. Consider visiting Amazon.com’s warning to workers page (https://www.mturk.com/mturk/contact).  
During the study, we will use your device’s IP address to identify your approximate location, using a website such as maxmind.com (https://www.maxmind.com/en/locate-my-ip-address). We will keep the city, state, country, postal (ZIP) code, and corresponding geo-coordinates of your current IP address, but we will not store your IP address for further use. At the completion of the study, direct identifiers (your MTurk ID) will be destroyed unless explicit permission is given by you to keep your identifier so that we may send you future studies to see if you are interested in completing them. The identifiers will be stored separately from the rest of the data, which will be de-identified before analysis is conducted. The de-identified data will be stored on a password-protected computer for three years after the study has been completed and then destroyed.
#### Participation and Withdrawal:
Your participation is voluntary. Your decision not to participate will not involve any penalty or loss of benefits to which you are otherwise entitled. You may withdraw your consent at any time and discontinue participation without penalty. You are not waiving any legal claims, rights or remedies because of your participation in this research study.
#### Investigator’s Contact Information:
If you have any questions or concerns about the research, please feel free to contact Professor Daniel Benjamin at djbenjam@usc.edu.
Rights of the Research Participant—IRB Contact Information:
If you have questions, concerns, or complaints about your rights as a research participant or the research in general and are unable to contact the research team, or if you want to talk to someone independent of the research team, please contact the University Park Institutional Review Board (UPIRB), 3720 South Flower Street #301, Los Angeles, CA  90089-0702, (213) 821-5272 or upirb@usc.edu.
